0.  JPEG images store 24 bits per pixel, 8 bits each for RGB. 
        Thus there are 16 million different colours available. 
    GIF is limited to 256 colours or less.
    BMP contains the same as JPEG
    PNG contains the smae potential as JPEG
    
    
1.  GIF supports animation

2.  Lossless compression recreates a compressed file as an identical
    match to its original form. All lossless compression uses techniques
    to break up a file into smaller segments, for storage or transmission,
    that get reassembled later. Lossless compression is used for files,
    such as applications, that need to be reproduced exactly like the original file.
    
    Lossy compression, on the other hand, eliminates repeated or "unnecessary" (repeated)
    pieces of data. When such a file is decompressed, you get the compression software's
    re-interpretation of the original file. Lossy compression can't be used
    to compress anything that needs to be reproduced exactly -- it can't just
    toss out redundant pieces and hope to program will still work. Instead,
    lossy compression will more often be used with data that is open to some
    level of human interpretation, such as an image, where the results can be
    "fudged" the tiniest bit so that files can get smaller without, in theory,
    anyone noticing. 
    
    
3.  JPEG has the capability to be lossy
    PNG is a lossless type
    GIFS use lossless compression
    BMP files are lossless
    
4.  Two things occur when a file is deleted on a FAT file system:
        1 - the system modifies the filename's first character in the file's directory
            entry to signal that the file has been deleted and that the directory entry
            can be recycled
        2 - the system moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the HDD's list of free clusters.
            The actual file data is never touched.

5.  One may physically destroy the drive, rendering it unusable
    Degaussing the drive to randomize the magnetic domains - most likely rendering it
        unusable in the process
    overwritting the drive's data so that it cannot be recovered.
    
    for most home and business applications, simply filling an entire disk with ASCII Null bytes
    provides sufficient sanitation.
    
    
6.  declare sets of integer types having specified widths, and shall define corresponding sets of
    macros. It shall also define macros that specify limits of integer types corresponding to types
    defined in other standard headers.
    
7.  these are cross-platform data types that allow the programmer to work on 32 or 64 bit computers.
    These types give us an exect and predefined number of bits each time, regardless of what platform
    we are using. 
    
8.  BYTE: 1 byte
    DWORD:  4 bytes
    LONG: 4 bytes
    word: 2 bytes
    
9.  The first two bytes of any BMP file must contain the ASCII characters "B" followed by "M."

10. bfSize holds information on the size of the BITMAPFILEHEADER structure while biSize holds
    information on the size of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure
    
11. biHeight Specifies the height of the bitmap, in pixels.
    If biHeight is positive, the bitmap is a bottom-up DIB and its origin is the lower left corner.
    If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper left corner.
    If biHeight is negative, indicating a top-down DIB, biCompression must be either BI_RGB or BI_BITFIELDS.
    Top-down DIBs cannot be compressed.

12. biBitCount Specifies the number of bits per pixel.

13. fopen might return null if there is not enough disk space or if there is an error with regards  to
    the file location.
    
14. This number equals the number of bytes at a time transferred only when size is 1, for both
    BITMAPFILEHEADER and BITMAPINFOHEADER
    
15. padding will have a value of 3 if bi.biWidth is 3

16. The fseek() function sets the file position indicator for the inptr pointed to by inptr.

    In copy.c, if there's any padding, the reading file will skip reading the padding area by offsetting the
    position indicator.
    
17. offset indicator to specify whether the offset is relative to the start, end, or current location of the
    file, in this case, using the current position.
18. Mila Banana dun it.
