0.  pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease more commonly known as silicosis.
    it is also the longest word in the English language.
    
1.  getrusage returns resource usage measures for the calling process, all children of the calling process
    that have terminated and been waited for, and calling thread.
    
2.  There are 16 members in a variable of type struct rusage

3.  before and after are passed by reference (as opposed to by value) because when the function returns
    the updated variables, they contain the data that is returned within the function. If the variables
    were passed by value, the information calculated by getrusage would not be shown in the variables. 
    
4.  Process of reading words from text file:
    for each character in the file while not at the end of file
    if the character is alphabetical or (the character is an apostrophe that appears after the first
    character of the word)
    append the character to an array to make up the temporary word to get spell-checked
    increase index by one
    if index count is greater than 45 then we must be running into jibberish, so exhaust the current
    string and start over looking for the next word by resetting the index to 0
    
    else if the char is neither a letter nor an apostrophe and it is a digit
    consume the rest of the string and reset the index to zero to start looking for a word again
    
    else if the char is neither alphanumeric or an apostrophe and the index is greater than zero
    then we must have found a full word
    Add null character to word to signify its ending
    increase wordcount by one
    get time stamp before 'check' function is run
    get time stamp after 'check' function is run
    
    update the benchmark
    
    if the word is misspelled, print it and increase the count of misspelled words by one
    
    set index to zero to start searching for a new word
    
5.  By relying on scanf alone you may be reading in things that may seem like words but aren't

6.  Those variables should never be changed or altered within those functions, hence why they have beenn
    declared as const
    
7.  I used a Hash Table
    The "nodes" contained therein had two elements: 
        -- a word array of type char containing up to 45 chars plus an
        additional placeholder for the null terminator "\0" to signify the end of string
        -- a next pointer containing the memory address of the subsequent node in the bucket's linked list
    I used an arbitrary size of number of buckets (array elements) for the Hash Table at 50000
    Because the hash table was initialized as a global array, all the buckets automatically pointed to NULL
    Once a word within the dictionary text file was hashed to a certain bucket, then memory would be allocated
    to insert the node into the corresponding bucket either as an initial insertion or an alphabetically ordered
    insertion, which entailed iterating through part of the linked list until it's correct position was found
    
8.  Total runtime for first successful program execution was 5.96 seconds

9.  Program runtime was optimized with two minor tweaks:
    -- abolishion of redundant or "commented out" text within dictionary.c file
    -- exchanging primitive string-looping hash function for a bitwise-operating hash function
    
10. There is definately some redundant code but once I saw how much faster my program was than the staff solution
    I decided not to go through the hassle of removing it; this refers especially to my implementation of load which
    calls an insert function that has most of the redundancies I am referring about
